#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   frontend
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
axios==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
ci-info==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etelemetry
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   axios
    #   flask
    #   nipype
    #   uvicorn
configobj==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
configparser==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
etelemetry==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
fitz==0.0.1.dev2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.55.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frontend==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
httpx==0.27.2
    # via langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nibabel
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rdflib
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   frontend
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.18
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.143
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
looseversion==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   axios
    #   prov
    #   pyxnat
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   nipype
    #   prov
nibabel==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
    #   nipype
nipype==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   fitz
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   nibabel
    #   nipype
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
orjson==3.10.11
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etelemetry
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   nibabel
    #   nipype
pandas==2.2.3
    # via fitz
pathlib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyxnat
pillow==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
prov==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
puremagic==1.28
    # via nipype
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via langchain-community
pydot==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pymupdf==1.24.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
    #   rdflib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
    #   pandas
    #   prov
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyxnat==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rdflib==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
    #   prov
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   axios
    #   etelemetry
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pyxnat
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   axios
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fitz
    #   nipype
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.41.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   frontend
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
traits==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nipype
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   nibabel
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   frontend
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
yarl==1.17.1
    # via aiohttp
